CAMS-2275

IRCA/Fleet -Per Day Limit should not be mandatory for any form 20.
Component: Commercial Auto

This story caters to removal of mandatory field for “Per Day Limit” for 20 series forms

Problem statement: Currently “Per Day Limit” for 20 series forms are mandatory for the user to input data. This field needs to be made non-mandatory.

Requirement:

“Per Day Limit” for 20 series forms needs to be non-mandatory for the user to input data

This is for all the forms listed below. 

This is applicable for both Fleet (B/S) and IRCA 

This is applicable for both English and French

AB-SEF20 U

AB-SEF 20 Loss of Use Endorsement

ABSEF20U0622

FANB 20 G

FANB 20 G Extension De La Garantie “Privation De Jouissance”

FANB20G0910

NBEF 20 U

NBEF 20 U Loss of Use Endorsement

NBEF20U0910

NL SEF 20 U

NL SEF 20 Loss of Use Endorsement

NLSEF20U0120

NSEF 20 U

NSEF 20 Loss of Use Endorsement

NSEF20U1113

OPCF 20 U

OPCF 20 Coverage for Transportation Replacement

OPCF20U0394

PE SEF 20 U

PE SEF 20 Loss of Use Endorsement

PESEF20U1015

SEF 20

SEF 20 Loss of Use Endorsement

SEF20U0377

Acceptance Criteria:

1.0

Given: As a Policy Center user creating a commercial auto product transaction (Fleet (B/S)/ IRCA)
When: user selects a 20 series form (loss of use endorsement)
Then:  the “Per Day Limit” field should not be mandatory for the user to enter in the UI field.

2.0

Given: As a Policy Center user creating a commercial auto product transaction (Fleet (B/S)/ IRCA)
When: user selects a 20 series form (loss of use endorsement) and leaves the “Per Day Limit” field as blanks (since it is non-mandatory)
Then:  the “Per Day Limit” field in forms printed should also be blanks. 

Other Details (if any)

Confirmed that (EEF 20) is not in forms library and hence not is scope for this card

NB French - check for form (ASEF) - Confirmed that Atlantic forms not in scope for this card

Confirmed that no downstream impact on rating. 

QC 20 forms do not have a “Per Day Limit” and hence not in scope for this card.