Property: Ability to rate based on additional industryRequirement: 

Rating of coverage needs to be modified to take into account the presence of additional industry under each location.Rating:

Premium calculation of PD coverage against each peril should be repeated for the Primary NAICS as well the NAICS code chosen under Additional industry. Rating (rate routine) which calculates the Exposure Premium needs to be repeated for each NAICS code under primary as well as additional industry section. While repeating the calculation, inputs such as Percentage split, Year Built, Year Upgrade, Total Area, Number of Storeys, Construction Class, Sprinkler Protection, SIC Code, Description (all the details provided under Additional Industry, Primary Industry) values of the corresponding Primary/Additional Industry should be used.

Premium for each NAICS code should be adjusted as per the percentage split provided in the location screen. For example, if a location has one Primary Industry code with 40% percentage split and two additional industries with 45% and 15% then premium should be updated as below

Final Premium = Calculated Premium * Percentage for that NAICS code / 100

Finally, premium related to the coverage peril combination for all the NAICS code needs to be rolled up to a single premium so that we have only one premium for each Coverage-Peril combination irrespective of the number of NAICS code. As per the example given above, if we consider PD coverage and FLEXA peril, then we should calculate intermediate premiums for three NAICS code with PD-FLEXA combination. Then apply the percentage logic as per requirement 2. Then roll up all the three premiums into a single premium for PD-FLEXA combination. 

After obtaining single premium for the coverage peril combination, remaining rating calculation of blending, risk premium, term amount, etc needs to be done on this single premium to obtain the final premium which will be displayed in cost breakdown screen for that coverage peril combination.

We want the calculation to be repeated for all the coverage peril combination given below. Note: All these combination calculations are already happening. As part of this story, we are going to repeat the calculation for each NAICS code under primary and additional industry section.

These rating changes are applicable for international location as well.

All the changes should be applicable 60 days after January release date.
Acceptance Criteria 1: 

As a system user,
when I price a property policy with location (Canada or international) having additional industry 

then I want the system to calculate the premium by considering NAICS code under additional industry and primary industry as per the above requirement.

Acceptance Criteria 2: 

As a system user,
when I price a property policy with location (Canada or international) having no additional industry 

then I want the system to calculate the premium by considering NAICS code under primary industry alone.

Acceptance Criteria 3: 

As a system user,
when I price a policy change transaction for property policy with location (Canada or international) having additional industry and the policy was bound before this code change

then I want the system to calculate the premium by considering NAICS code under primary industry alone.

Acceptance Criteria 4: 

As a system user,
when I price a policy change transaction for property policy with location (Canada or international) having additional industry and the policy was bound after this code change

then I want the system to calculate the premium by considering NAICS code under additional industry and primary industry as per the above requirement.